GENERAL
  - Refactor sass variables
  - Add to .htaccess robots nofollow


CONTACT PAGE
  - get the email address where the contacts should be sent
  - remove the access-control header and file_put_contents from php script
  - put the right path to the php script in the main.js file
  - no need for a timeout in the js when we're live

BLOG
  - put the right path in index.html and _nav_page.html when we go to production

1. Separate white box from background and have different scroll speeds for box and rest of page. This would apply to any page with this similar design, 
all portfolio pages and the Brand Strategy, Identity Design, Packaging Collateral, Imagery, Interactive and Environment pages.

2. On the same pages referenced above, is it possible to have the fade in happen slower and start higher on the page? This is particularly an issue on 
the Velvet page.



3. Address Main Navigation Flicker. This is most noticeable in Safari, when you click on Close in the Main Nav, there is a flicker of white that flashes.



4. Change Link Animation - For the links with a line underneath the word, please change it to be so that upon hover the line disappears, but the words 
stays and you click the word. 


5. Brand Strategy and Identify pages should be images instead of typeset - see jpgs. This is due to SEO. If they are typeset, then we will come up for 
other brands' SEO. 


6. Identity page logos should fade in individually.


7. About Page content should be more centered.


8. Swapping copy, adding image and adjusting positioning of assets in house - Jen wants to be able to do some fine tuning in house with our new front 
end developer who is starting next week. How possible will it be for us to swap out copy, add images to a page if we feel there is a bit too much blank 
space, and adjust the positioning of individual assets? I think this will be pretty easy, right? The only thing I was wondering about 
is how easy it will be to adjust the positioning of assets with respect to the responsive design, and how much the page animation will be affected if 
we add assets? 



